Overview: This application exercises TSX autoguiding through a range of exposures, aggressiveness, minimum and maximum 
move settings.  Initially the user sets a starting group of settings for autoguiding.  Once started ("Train"), the program samples
X and Y tracking errors.  After each sampling period, the mean result is saved and a parameter is adjusted up then down by one
"click" then resampled.  After every setting has been sampled in this way, the best of the three positions for each parameter is
uploaded to the autoguider, and the sampling algorithm repeated.  

Results are graphed for each setting as the tests take place.  Each graph is colored red as that specific setting is being tested.
A status line on the bottom indicates the parameters and results of the most recently completed test.  Information as to the
value of the maximum ADU for the selected target and current best overall settings are displayed to the left of the graphs.  The
autoguider may or may not be set to these current best set depending upon the outcome of the each individual sampling.

Over a number of sampling loops, the setting group will evolve towards the values that produce the minimum tracking errors.
Not all combinations may be exercised, but not all combinations work well anyway.  If there is a sweet spot, then this profiler
should find it.  The profiler can continue to run during an imaging session and help adapt to changing seeing conditions.  
However, if exposure training is selected,  then the program must abort autoguiding momentarily to change he exposure setting.
Other settings are changed on the fly.

"Hunt": After configuring the settings, "Train" starts the above adjust and sample process.  "Train" will start autoguiding, if it
is not underway, but the user must have previously picked the guide star with either "Find Star" or using TSX's functions.

"Find Star": This version has added guide star selection.  The algorithm uses TSX light source inventorying to avoid hot pixels,
saturated stars, near-border stars and multiple stars in the subframe.  

"Get TSX Settings" and "Send TSX Settings": This version has added the ability to download and upload settings to TSX.

"Reset":  The sampling database can be cleared and sampling restarted without closing the application.

Requirements:  Auto Guide Profile is a Windows Forms executable, written in Visual Basic.  TSX Camera Add  On option
is required.  The application runs as a uncertified, standalone application under Windows 7, 8 and 10.  

Installation:  Download the AGProfiler2_Exe.zip and open. Run the "Setup" application.  Upon completion,
an application icon will have been added to the start menu under the category "TeleTools" with the name
"Auto Guide Profiler 2".  This application can be pinned to the Start if desired.

Support:  This application was written for the public domain and as such is unsupported. The developer wishes you his best and
hopes everything works out, but recommends learning Visual Basic (it's really not hard and the tools are free from Microsoft)
if you find a problem or want to add features.  The source is supplied as a Visual Studio project.
